well hello there what's up guys
muzzafuzza here and boy you guys are in
for a treat today I've got some awesome
modern warfare 3 gameplay' for you I
know you guys want to see more Call of
Duty videos from me in the flesh
muzzafuzza hear back against it in from
the microphone doing some old-school
call a duty commentary and I've had this
gameplay stocked up for a while as you
can see i was AFK at the beginning of
this i was actually like eating and
playing at the same time it's one of my
many skills as a multitasking gameplay
commentator and when I got done eating
whatever I was eating what was like I
don't know chips and salsa or some shit
doesn't matter I actually got like a
little flawless 21a no assault
juggernaut a super happy fun times
gameplay so enjoy that in the background
but what I want to talk about in today's
video is the actual treat of the video
like this is this is amazing this is so
cool my newest sponsor a gamma labs you
guys didn't know they're doing probably
the craziest contest that this gaming
community has ever seen and I'm going to
start off right off the bat by saying
this is once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
for any of you guys that are that are
willing to enter and it shouldn't be
taken lightly the prize for this contest
is you get to go in a chopper you get to
go fly in a helicopter you get to win a
trip basically to go fly in a helicopter
with a few of your favorite commentators
optic hex woodysgamertag etc along with
people from the military and you get to
shoot a chopper gunner a real-life
chopper gunner know this modern warfare
3 or black ops or modern warfare 2 or
whatever chopper gunner I'm talking
about legit IRL chopper gunner mini gun
in the house and you one of you
hopefully one of you hopefully one of my
muzzafuzza viewers ends up winning this
that would be awesome we'll get to go
with these commentators go with these
military people and fly over it looks
like an island on the video I'll link
the video in the description and you get
a blow stuff up and on top of that you
get a shoot like a 50 caliber sniper
rifle and on top of that you get a hang
out with all these cool cat commentators
like optic hex woodysgamertag I've met
these guys in real life before multiple
times and they are way cooler in person
than they are over the Internet
got to tell you so that's what I wanted
to tell you guys in this video this
video is about that contest gamma labs
like I said it's like one of my newest
sponsors they are really helping support
the gaming community right now and I'm
on board with a bunch of my friends as
well all the people that I live with
team art Gold Glove Jericho like I said
optic woody there's a lot of people on
this gamma gamers thing and the product
is actually not bad I want to let you
guys know that any of my sponsors
whether it's control freak mods are more
a gamma whatever whatever I use whatever
I get sponsored by as a gamer as a
youtuber it's only products that I
actually believe in its only products
that I actually use and that are quality
products i'm not trying to sell you guys
any garbage this stuff is great it's way
better for you than any high fructose
corn syrup it's not terrible for you
like most of the energy drinks soda pops
processed foods all the stuff in the
American diet that most of you guys are
probably used to and then I'm just
completely disgusted by it it's not like
that at all all the stuff that's in G
fuel is actually good for you it's full
of vitamins nutrients minerals it's it's
stuff that's built for gamers to have
more endurance more energy more focus so
you can pull more all nighters you can
play more games without the lag without
the IRL lag of being tired and strung
out on way too many video games and I
play a lot of games like I I don't pride
myself on too many things I try to stay
humble just as an individual but one of
the things I do take pride in is I play
a fuck ton of video games like a lot I
play like more than 10 different games
every single week I'm constantly playing
call of duty halo League of Legends
minecraft happy wheels so much stuff
including like all these one-off games
that I don't even post videos on I just
play for fun because i'm still a gamer
regardless of whether or not on my
youtuber i'm still going to play video
games when I'm not recording I'm still
going to play video games when I'm just
hanging out with friends and G fuels
helped me out their new flavors are
fruit punch lemon lime and blue ice if I
would recommend any flavor that you guys
get I would say get the blue ice it is
delicious everybody in this house says
it's delicious I've been drinking it for
the past few days and I love it if I
could compare it to something it's like
blue kool-aid but better its way better
it tastes so good it quenches your three
it's better than like gatorade or
powerade or any of that nonsense that
I'm sure you guys have drank in the past
so I'm going to be doing some Q&A about
G fuel as well if you guys have any
questions leave them in the comments
below any questions about this product
or this company at all I will try to get
them all answered but you guys please
consider entering this contest i'll
leave a link down below in the
description and an annotation on the
screen to send you to the video for
mission gunship it's already got over 2
million views it's an awesome video and
it's got all the information for the
contest in the video so check that out
if you guys want to pick up some g fuel
use the code mazda5 at checkout on their
website for five dollars off thank you
for watching thanks for supporting me
and I will see you guys next time
you